hubiC
Copyright 2012-2014 OVH SAS. All rights reserved.
http://www.ovh.fr

OVH LICENSE – hubiC

The right to use hubiC Software (hereinafter referred to as "Software") is
granted by OVH to the User under the terms of this license. The use of this
software is subject to the acceptance of this contract, the contractual terms
of any application downloading platform as well as OVH’s General Conditions of
Service and the Special Terms and Conditions specific to hubiC.

The Software and its documentation are the property of OVH. They use third
party programs (specifically libraries ...) that remain the property of their
authors. The license terms of these programs are accessible from the help
section of the Software.

The Software is distributed free of charge. It is made available to the public
by any means chosen by OVH.

The distribution of the Software cannot be subject to any type of payment.

The User acknowledges that he/she has a non-transferable, non-exclusive and
unlimited in time right to use the Software for the features offered by OVH on
the platform of their choice. OVH has all other rights reserved, including
Software updates of its choosing.

The User also acknowledges that OVH is responsible for the maintenance and
support of the Software and may, at any time, stop its development.

It is forbidden to translate, modify, adapt, and/or correct all or part of the
Software and/or its documentation, without the express consent of OVH, unless
if these actions are necessary to obtain the information necessary to achieve
Software interoperability according to the provisions of Articles L122-6 and
L122-6-1 of the Code of Intellectual Property and Article 6 of the European
Parliament and Council 23rd of April 2009 regarding the legal protection of
computer software.

If the User performs any of the above operations outside of the framework set
by the laws and regulations, their User rights will be automatically
terminated. Furthermore, they will remain liable to OVH for damages.

It is also forbidden to modify and translate this license.

The Software and its documentation may not be integrated into a software offer
without prior authorisation by OVH.

OVH points out that the Software and its documentation are protected in France
by the Code of Intellectual Property, and abroad by international conventions
on copyright.

The User will endeavour to respect OVH trademarks as well as those of third
parties.

The User acknowledges OVH’s right to take legal action for non-compliance with
the terms of this license.

This license, property of OVH, is valid for an indefinite period. OVH may
modify it at any time during a Software update, provided it informs the User of
the modification. Should the User oppose the amended terms of the license, the
usage rights granted by OVH will automatically be revoked.

The software is distributed in a condition considered by OVH to be free of
known critical failures that would alter, destroy or interfere with the
platform it is used on.

The Software is distributed as is. Under no circumstances can OVH guarantee its
performance or its use in a context that would not be covered by the
functionalities offered by OVH.

The software User acknowledges having been warned of risks inherent to the use
of computer software.

The User vouches for the compliance with the provisions of this contract, by
users, employees and, more generally, any person to whom he/she would allow the
use of the Software.

For any comments or questions concerning the use of the Software, the User may
contact OVH via email at the following address: dev_hubic@ovh.net


OVH SAS, 2 rue Kellermann - 59100 Roubaix - France
SAS au capital de 10 000 000 € 
RCS Roubaix - Tourcoing 424 761 419 00045 - Code APE  6202A - N° TVA : FR 22-424-761-419
 www.ovh.fr






Some 3rd party components uses other licenses:

DBus sharp
Copyright 2006 Alp Toker <alp@atoker.com>
Copyright 2010 Other Contributors
https://github.com/mono/dbus-sharp

Json.NET
Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King
http://james.newtonking.com/projects/json-net.aspx

PetaPoco
Copyright (c) 2011 Topten Software
http://www.toptensoftware.com/petapoco

Reactive Extensions
Copyright (c) Microsoft Open Technologies, Inc.
https://rx.codeplex.com/

SQLite 3
http://sqlite.org
