 
Sketch Retopo Software License Agreement

Sketch Retopo Software may be used freely for non-commercial purposes, only. Please accept and agree to the following conditions before continuing to download the software:

1. Definition of the Software

Software shall mean the Sketch Retopo package provided for download on this website (the "Software").

2. License of ETH Zurich

ETH Zurich (the "Licensor") hereby grants to you (the "Licensee") a single, personal, non-assignable, non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, license to use Software subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

3. The Scope of the License

a. Use
You may use the Software exclusively for internal research purposes in your academic institution, only. The Licensor retains all rights to results from such use. The Licensee may use the Software by himself and together with his immediate fellow researchers within Licensee's academic institution.

Only the use for non-commercial purposes is allowed. Prohibited is for example using the Software to provide services or products to others, whether or not the Licensee is compensated in any manner (by payment of money or otherwise), including providing support or maintenance for the Software.

However, salaries or similar payments to you in the framework of academic research programs related to the Software are allowed.

b. Reproduction / Modification / Adaptations
Reproduction, Modification and/or Adaptation for the Use specified in letter a) is allowed. However, you acknowledge that you reproduce, modify and/or adapt the Software at your own risk.

c. Distribution
Distribution of the Software, whether in its original form or modified by the Licensee, to a third party is prohibited. If you wish that a Third Party has access to the Software, as well, that Third Party needs to agree to this License before downloading their own copy.

4. Intellectual property and other rights

Ownership and intellectual property rights in and to the Software shall remain in ETH Zurich and any original intellectual property co-owners (the "Other Owners").

5. Maintenance, support, upgrades or new releases

ETH Zurich (and the Other Owners) has no obligation of maintenance, support, upgrades or new releases, and disclaims all obligations and costs associated with serving, repair or correction.

6. Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS". ETH ZURICH (AND THE OTHER OWNERS, IF ANY) DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. DISCLAIMED WARRANTIES INCLUDE FOR EXAMPLE:
I. WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
II. WARRANTY OF ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OF THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE
III. WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.
7. Liability

ETH Zurich disclaims all liabilities. ETH Zurich shall not have any liability for any direct or indirect damage except for the provisions of the applicable law (article 100 OR [Schweizerisches Obligationenrecht]). The Other Owners, if any, shall not have or owe any liabilities or damages with respect to the Software.

8. Term and Termination

After download, you may use the Software for a period of 24 months. In the case of breach by you or due to other important reasons, this Agreement may be terminated by ETH Zurich at any time. On termination, all copies of the Software have to be destroyed.

9. Severability

If any provisions of this Agreement will become invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or enforceability shall not affect the other provisions of Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect provided that the basic intent of the parties is preserved. The parties will in good faith negotiate substitute provisions to replace invalid or unenforceable provisions which reflect the original intentions of the parties as closely as possible and maintain the economic balance between the parties.

10. Applicable law

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland. Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement will be finally settled by the competent courts of the city of Zurich
